Teams — Platon — student manual
Table of Contents
Teams — Platon — student manual — 1
TableofContents..................................................................... 1
1
5 1.
2.
3. General information.......................................................................
Logging into PLA TON. ................................................................................................................................................2
Attending online classes in the Microsoft Teams application.
1. General information.
The Microsoft Teams and Platon User Guide provides information on how to join a meeting in the Microsoft Teams
application using the information provided on the Platon platform.
Online classes will take place at the same time as they are planned in USOSweb, unless the lecturer decides otherwise.
Detailed information about online classes will be available on the Platon platform. Please check this information quite
regularly.
To participate in the classes, you should have a computer with speakers and a microphone, a webcam is not required.
You can also participate in classes using mobile phones with iOS or Android systems. You should then install the
Microsoft Teams application from the application store.
Supported Internet browsers are:
Internet Explorer 11,
Microsoft Edge,
the latest version of the Chrome browser,
the latest version of the Firefox browser.
The metadata of all meetings that take place is saved on the Microsoft Teams server (how long the meeting took,
when it was started, how many people attended, and how good the connection was).
Meetings can be recorded; you will see the relevant information on the meeting screen.
Participation in online classes is required, as in regular classes. Failure to attend online classes may result in failure
in completing these classes. VISTULA - DZIAL IT
12. Logging into PLATON.
To log in to the Platon system, please visit:
https://platon.vistu(a.edu.pl
and press "Logowanie AFiBV, SGTiH"
Instrukcja _ Lu VISTULA
Logowanie VISTULA gowan uwierzyte'rieni., wy VISTULA
"an D PLOMOW wan ERASMU
Fundusze
Europejskie
Program Regionalny Qazowsze.
serce Polski Unia Europejska
EuropeJskl Fundusz Spoteany
A new window will appear logging into the CAS system (central authentication system).
WARNING. If you have already been logged into the CAS system (e.g. USOSweb), then after pressing the login
button you will immediately log into the platform without entering a password.
Log in there with the same login and password as for USOSweb. Cen
Wprowadi sw6j iden $kator
sieciowy i haslo
Easlo:
innych Uwierzytelnianie do uslug Internetowych Uczelni Vistula wymaga posiadania NetID.
identyfikatora realizowane jest przez jednorazowq usluge automatycznq i zajmuje t?
rozpocz# proces kllknij poniiej na napls n Zamöw".
Zam6w
D. z.chow ni' b zp-eaeristw., zawavsz z ush_rq
VISTULA - DZIAL IT
2 - i zzmknii przeql'dæWarning. If you cannot log in to Platon, please contact the IT department: icthelp@vjstula.edu.pl
After logging in, the main screen of the Platon platform appears, press the green button: "Number of my training
d2Y_I Student
Nowe Scle&l szkoleniowe uZytkownLka
Nazwa
Advanced techniques ot communication and argumentation (PWB4SE03Wd-L20)
tntroduclion to software engineering (C116SEOICI-L19) • 2020L • I
Forecastng and comm_neds simutaeons (C116SE22CI•LI 8) 2020L 3 C
cryptology - 2020L - 3 C
Secuity ot syst«ns (CI'6SE02CI-L20) • 2020L • 3 C
tntroduction -ta engineering (C116SEOICI•L19) • 2020L • 3 C Postw
sa 27
Show
Show »
Tabl[ca ogåoszei
TabBca naMa
Prz$adarka
Przydatne '[nw
Nazwa uvey
Autor Show
Show »
Calendar with events
today Show
March 2020 ternat Admin Admin (Admin)
A new window will open in which you will see all your subjects.
WARNING. If you do not see the subject that should be assigned to you, check if it is visible in USOSweb. If
not, contact the Dean's Office.
Traamng
My
My au*t.
S.m.•gys
O Bam My training paths!271
Search phrase
Trelnlno path nonw
Introduction to software engineering (CIISSE01CI-L19) •
2020L.1 w.pw
Fotx•asting and simulations (C116SE22CI•LI 8)
2020L.3C
Cryptology (CIICSEOI • 20201 • 3 C Cetoaory Oosctlptlon
Introduction to
software
engineang
(C116SE01Cl.L...
For#asting and
computers
simulatims
(CIISSE22Cl...
Cryptology
(C116SE01Cl.L20)
.2020L.3C
Security of
computor
systems
(CIISSE02Cl.L20)
.2020L.3C Proorcse Status Show/hide advarwed filter
No. of
louach09 Retina
Faired
To join an online class, press the name of the subject and its content will open. In "optional elements" items will show
an item called "Online Classes".
WARNING. If you cannot find the "Online classes" element, it means that the lecturer has not yet added his
classes to Platon. Try to check back later or contact the class teacher.
VISTULA - DZIAL IT
3Optional elements
Exemplary header.docx
Exercise 1
Exercise 2
Exercise 3 (Transposition cipher)
Exercise 4 (remote)
Exercise 5 (remote)
Exercise 6 (remote)
On line meeting 27.03
Press the "Expand" button, which is located on this element, then you will see all the details of online classes.
The details will include a link to the online meeting at Microsoft Teams, as well as meeting dates. Dates should coincide
with classes planned in USOSweb.
WARNING. If the lecturer did not provide hours or dates of the meeting but inserted a link to the meeting,
please connect to the online classes according to the schedule in USOSweb.
Classes scheduled by lecturers will in most cases be cyclical classes. The same link will be valid for all classes in a given
subject. VISTULA - DZIAL IT
4On line meeting 27.03
Subject:
Additional
information:
Type:
Organizer. On line meeting 27.03 Start date:
End date:
Location: 2020-03-27
2020-05-22
Start https://teams_miåosofl
6eag-47f7.b27S The
classes
fee:
Contact
Details:
Microsoft Teams
After clicking the online meeting link, you will be taken to the Microsoft Teams program.
3. Attending online classes in the Microsoft Teams application.
After entering the meeting page in Microsoft Teams, you can choose whether to connect via the website or through
the Microsoft Teams application. The meeting will look very similar in both modes.
VISTULA - DZIAL IT
5Microsoft Teams
Najlepsze funkcje spotkafi w klasycznej aplikacji Teams
Pobl aplikac q dia systemu nd
Masz jui aptikacje Teams? Uruchom teraz
ujawnianie informacji osobom trzxim
When joining via a web browser, you may receive a message saying that the Microsoft Teams wants to use a
microphone and camera. Please press "Allow".
C II
teams.microsoft.com wants to
use your microphone
Use your camera Allow x
Block
mikrofonu i
spotkan w tej adarce.
Gdy to big wfq yna moment wop u dzen•a. abypskon gumwa
On the next screen enter your name, surname and album number. Then press the "join" button.
WARNING. If you enter an incorrect first and last name, you may not be admitted to the online meeting!
VISTULA - DZIAL IT
6Write your name,
surname and student
number audio Ideo dla
Click this button to
connect to the
meeting
Do•fQ te
After joining the meeting, you must wait for the teacher to allow you into the meeting. After starting the class, you
will see an image from the teacher's camera. The application will automatically show the person who is speaking or
sharing his desktop.
In the navigation bar on the screen, you can turn on and off the camera and microphone, share the contents of the
desktop (if the host gave you such a permission), show a chat window, show a window with meeting participants.
You can get IT help by writing to icthelp@vistuta.edu.pl.
In the absence of links to online classes on the Platon platform, contact the teacher.
If you do not see your classes in Platon, please contact the Dean's Office. After adding them by the Dean's Office, they
will be visible on Platon from the next day. VISTULA - DZIAL IT
7